the twelve-year-old little of it as the
the malt that really is a benchmark of
quality and speed sight very much the
same as their predecessors George Smith
sees that it was a style spirit was a
stale a spirit that was recognized
through today the country so this is a
style and at twelve year old lovely
fresh crisp spirit can be described as
light but I think leichter czar
underestimation of the spirit very
complex and the stale at the back of it
no the eye sometimes looks for a banana
style in it
but this can change into a pain awful
stale and that's very much evident in
the nose of the 12 year old we know that
12 year old a pineapple stale was a
stale at the distillers that built the
stove is over a hundred years ago we're
looking to me so very much in the staff
that fruity floral puts up fruity and
floral to me
it's like a field that's just be cut but
he that lovely sweetness make mixed with
a green note and gives you this down and
the taste make in that complexity on the
twelve year old and historic characters
coming through peaches reasons
Vanilla's lovely characters that say
gonna love it as fiend for I'm for the
twelve-year-old nice aftertaste
tournament to hazelnuts characters a
almonds marzipan a good friend to the
twelve-year-old because you'll meet it
anyway around the world and you have
travels
you